Add window-app for the nrfconnect platform. (#15)
markaj-nordic/connectedhomeip: examples/window-app/nrfconnect/README.md

**Button 1** can be used for the following purposes:

-   _Pressed for 6 s_ &mdash; Initiates the factory reset of the device.
    Releasing the button within the 6-second window cancels the factory reset
    procedure. **LEDs 1-4** blink in unison when the factory reset procedure is
    initiated.

-   _Pressed for less than 3 s_ &mdash; Initiates the OTA software update
    process. This feature is disabled by default, but can be enabled by
    following the
    [Building with Device Firmware Upgrade support](#building-with-device-firmware-upgrade-support)
    instruction.

**Button 2** and **Button 3** &mdash; pressed together at the same time switch
the mode of the shutter movement between lift and tilt; by default, after the
device reset, the mode is set to lift.

**Button 2** &mdash; pressed alone once, steps the shutter towards the open
position. Depending on the current movement mode, it decreases the brightness of
LED2 for lift mode and LED3 for tilt mode.

**Button 3** &mdash; pressed alone once, steps the shutter towards the close
position. Depending on the current movement mode, it increases the brightness of
LED3 for lift mode and LED3 for tilt mode.

> > **Note**:
> >
> > There are 20 steps needed to fully close the shutter from fully opened
> > position, and vise versa (each step takes approximately 200 ms, which aims to
> > simulate the real shutter movement). This means that, for instance, **Button
> > 2** needs to be pressed 20 times to fully lift the shutter and to cover the
> > whole range of **LED 2** brightness step by step. Note that the shutter
> > positions and brightness of **LED 2** and **LED 3** are stored in non-volatile
> > memory and are restored after every device reset. After the firmware update,
> > by default both LEDs are switched off, which corresponds to the shutter being
> > fully open, both lift-wise and tilt-wise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**:
>
> Completely opening and closing the shutter requires 20 button presses (steps).
> Each step takes approximately 200 ms to simulate the real shutter movement.
> The shutter position and LED brightness values are stored in non-volatile
> memory and are restored after every device reset. After the firmware update,
> both LEDs are switched off by default, which corresponds to the shutter being
> fully open, both lift-wise and tilt-wise.
```

features. Configuration files are provided for different build types and they
are located in the application root directory.

The `prj.conf` file represents a debug build type. Other build types are covered
by dedicated files with the build type added as a suffix to the prj part, as per
the following list. For example, the release build type file name is
`prj_release.conf`. If a board has other configuration files, for example
associated with partition layout or child image configuration, these follow the
same pattern.

Before you start testing the application, you can select one of the build types
supported by the sample. This sample supports the following build types,
depending on the selected board:

-   debug -- Debug version of the application - can be used to enable additional
    features for verifying the application behavior, such as logs or
    command-line shell.
-   release -- Release version of the application - can be used to enable only
    the necessary application functionalities to optimize its performance.
-   no_dfu -- Debug version of the application without Device Firmware Upgrade
    feature support - can be used only for the nRF52840 DK and nRF5340 DK, as

>     those platforms have DFU enabled by default.

Reviewer: I guess we can use `&mdash;` instead of `--` here, no?
